README.md, before:

# Virtual Store

An online shopping portal for a fictional store


## Requirements

Our application will power an online storefront that will allow our users to browse our product offerings by category, place items in their shopping cart, and check-out when they are ready to make their purchase

### Phase 1 Requirements

**Virtual Store Phase 1: For this assignment, you will be starting the process of creating an e-Commerce storefront using React with Redux, coupled with your live API server**

Today, we begin the first of a 4-Phase build of the storefront application, written in React. In this first phase, our goal is to setup the basic scaffolding of the application with initial styling and basic behaviors. This initial build sets up the file structure and state management so that we can progressively build this application in a scalable manner

The following user/developer stories detail the major functionality for this phase of the project.

- As a user, I expect to see a list of available product categories in the store so that I can easily browse products
  
- As a user, I want to choose a category and see a list of all available products matching that category
  
- As a user, I want a clean, easy to use user interface so that I can shop the online store with confidence


### Phase 2 Requirements

In phase 2, we will be adding the “Add to Cart” feature to our application, which will allow our users to not only browse items in the store, but also select them and have them persist in their “shopping cart” for later purchase.

The user stories from Phase 1 remain unchanged. For this phase, we are now adding the following new user stories to meet the new requirements.

- As a user, I want to choose from products in the list and add them to my shopping cart

- As a user, I want to see the products that I’ve added to my shopping cart so that

- As a user, I want to change the quantity of items I intend to purchase in my shopping cart

- As a user, I want to be able to remove an item from my shopping cart


### Phase 3 Requirements

In phase 3, we will be connecting our Virtual Store to a live API so that our data is persistent and able to be separately managed.

The user stories from Phases 1 and 2 remain unchanged. For this phase, we are now adding the following new user stories to meet the new requirements.

- As a user, I want to interact with live inventory so that I have confidence that the displayed products are in stock


- As a user, I want to know to that when I add an item to my cart, that it is removed from inventory so that no other users can purchase it


## UML

![UML1](./src/assets/virtual-store-UML.jpg)

## Deployed Site
https://sharp-panini-d4b21b.netlify.app/ 

--- 

# Getting Started with Create React App

This project was bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app).

## Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

### `yarn start`

Runs the app in the development mode.\
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

The page will reload if you make edits.\
You will also see any lint errors in the console.

### `yarn test`

Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode.\
See the section about [running tests](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/running-tests) for more information.

### `yarn build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.\
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.\
Your app is ready to be deployed!

See the section about [deployment](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment) for more information.

### `yarn eject`

**Note: this is a one-way operation. Once you `eject`, you can’t go back!**

If you aren’t satisfied with the build tool and configuration choices, you can `eject` at any time. This command will remove the single build dependency from your project.

Instead, it will copy all the configuration files and the transitive dependencies (webpack, Babel, ESLint, etc) right into your project so you have full control over them. All of the commands except `eject` will still work, but they will point to the copied scripts so you can tweak them. At this point you’re on your own.

You don’t have to ever use `eject`. The curated feature set is suitable for small and middle deployments, and you shouldn’t feel obligated to use this feature. However we understand that this tool wouldn’t be useful if you couldn’t customize it when you are ready for it.

## Learn More

You can learn more in the [Create React App documentation](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/getting-started).

To learn React, check out the [React documentation](https://reactjs.org/).

### Code Splitting

This section has moved here: [https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/code-splitting](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/code-splitting)

### Analyzing the Bundle Size

This section has moved here: [https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/analyzing-the-bundle-size](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/analyzing-the-bundle-size)

### Making a Progressive Web App

This section has moved here: [https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/making-a-progressive-web-app](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/making-a-progressive-web-app)

### Advanced Configuration

This section has moved here: [https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/advanced-configuration](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/advanced-configuration)

### Deployment

This section has moved here: [https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment)

### `yarn build` fails to minify

This section has moved here: [https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/troubleshooting#npm-run-build-fails-to-minify](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/troubleshooting#npm-run-build-fails-to-minify)

Commit message:

adds details page and styling

README.md, after:

# Virtual Store

An online shopping portal for a fictional store


## Requirements

Our application will power an online storefront that will allow our users to browse our product offerings by category, place items in their shopping cart, and check-out when they are ready to make their purchase

### Phase 1 Requirements

**Virtual Store Phase 1: For this assignment, you will be starting the process of creating an e-Commerce storefront using React with Redux, coupled with your live API server**

Today, we begin the first of a 4-Phase build of the storefront application, written in React. In this first phase, our goal is to setup the basic scaffolding of the application with initial styling and basic behaviors. This initial build sets up the file structure and state management so that we can progressively build this application in a scalable manner

The following user/developer stories detail the major functionality for this phase of the project.

- As a user, I expect to see a list of available product categories in the store so that I can easily browse products
  
- As a user, I want to choose a category and see a list of all available products matching that category
  
- As a user, I want a clean, easy to use user interface so that I can shop the online store with confidence


### Phase 2 Requirements

In phase 2, we will be adding the “Add to Cart” feature to our application, which will allow our users to not only browse items in the store, but also select them and have them persist in their “shopping cart” for later purchase.

The user stories from Phase 1 remain unchanged. For this phase, we are now adding the following new user stories to meet the new requirements.

- As a user, I want to choose from products in the list and add them to my shopping cart

- As a user, I want to see the products that I’ve added to my shopping cart so that

- As a user, I want to change the quantity of items I intend to purchase in my shopping cart

- As a user, I want to be able to remove an item from my shopping cart


### Phase 3 Requirements

In phase 3, we will be connecting our Virtual Store to a live API so that our data is persistent and able to be separately managed.

The user stories from Phases 1 and 2 remain unchanged. For this phase, we are now adding the following new user stories to meet the new requirements.

- As a user, I want to interact with live inventory so that I have confidence that the displayed products are in stock


- As a user, I want to know to that when I add an item to my cart, that it is removed from inventory so that no other users can purchase it


### Phase 4 Requirements

Phase 4 Requirements

In phase 4, we will be completing work on our Virtual Store by adding a two full page views to the application: Product Details and Checkout

The user stories from Phases 1, 2 and 3 remain unchanged. For this phase, we are now adding the following new user stories to meet the new requirements.

- As a user, I want to see a full detail view of a product so that I can make a more informed choice about purchasing it.


- As a user, I want to view my full cart and initiate the checkout process so that I can purchase my items and have them delivered


## UML

![UML1](./src/assets/virtual-store-UML.jpg)

## Deployed Site
https://sharp-panini-d4b21b.netlify.app/ 

--- 

# Getting Started with Create React App

This project was bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app).

## Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

### `yarn start`

Runs the app in the development mode.\
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

The page will reload if you make edits.\
You will also see any lint errors in the console.

### `yarn test`

Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode.\
See the section about [running tests](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/running-tests) for more information.

### `yarn build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.\
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.\
Your app is ready to be deployed!

See the section about [deployment](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment) for more information.

### `yarn eject`

**Note: this is a one-way operation. Once you `eject`, you can’t go back!**

If you aren’t satisfied with the build tool and configuration choices, you can `eject` at any time. This command will remove the single build dependency from your project.

Instead, it will copy all the configuration files and the transitive dependencies (webpack, Babel, ESLint, etc) right into your project so you have full control over them. All of the commands except `eject` will still work, but they will point to the copied scripts so you can tweak them. At this point you’re on your own.

You don’t have to ever use `eject`. The curated feature set is suitable for small and middle deployments, and you shouldn’t feel obligated to use this feature. However we understand that this tool wouldn’t be useful if you couldn’t customize it when you are ready for it.

## Learn More

You can learn more in the [Create React App documentation](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/getting-started).

To learn React, check out the [React documentation](https://reactjs.org/).

### Code Splitting

This section has moved here: [https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/code-splitting](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/code-splitting)

### Analyzing the Bundle Size

This section has moved here: [https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/analyzing-the-bundle-size](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/analyzing-the-bundle-size)

### Making a Progressive Web App

This section has moved here: [https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/making-a-progressive-web-app](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/making-a-progressive-web-app)

### Advanced Configuration

This section has moved here: [https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/advanced-configuration](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/advanced-configuration)

### Deployment

This section has moved here: [https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment)

### `yarn build` fails to minify

This section has moved here: [https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/troubleshooting#npm-run-build-fails-to-minify](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/troubleshooting#npm-run-build-fails-to-minify)
